1. Assassin's Creed Black Flag

   (Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is an action-adventure
   video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published
   by Ubisoft. It is the fourth major installment in the
   Assassin's Creed series. Its historical time frame 
   precedes that of Assassin's Creed III (2012), though 
   its modern-day sequences succeed III's own. Black Flag 
   was first released for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and 
   Nintendo Wii U in October 2013 and a month later for 
   PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows.)

2. Bioshock Infinite

   (BioShock Infinite is a first-person shooter video game
   developed by Irrational Games and published by 2K Games.
   It was released worldwide for the Microsoft Windows, 
   PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 platforms on March 26, 2013;
   an OS X port by Aspyr was later released on August 29, 
   2013 and a Linux port was released on March 17, 2015. 
   Infinite is the third installment in the BioShock series, 
   and though it is not immediately part of the storyline of 
   previous BioShock games, it features similar gameplay 
   concepts and themes. Irrational Games and creative 
   director Ken Levine based the game's setting on 
   historical events at the turn of the 20th century, such 
   as the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, and based the 
   story on the concept of American exceptionalism, while 
   also incorporating influences from more recent events at 
   the time such as the 2011 Occupy movement.)

3. Dota 2

   (Dota 2 is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle 
   arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by 
   Valve Corporation. The game is the stand-alone sequel
   to Defense of the Ancients (DotA), which was a 
   community-created mod for Blizzard Entertainment's 
   Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and its expansion pack, 
   The Frozen Throne. Dota 2 is played in matches between 
   two teams of five players, with each team occupying and 
   defending their own separate base on the map. Each of 
   the ten players independently controls a powerful 
   character,known as a "hero", who all have unique 
   abilities and differing styles of play. During a match, 
   players collect experience points and items for their 
   heroes in order to successfully battle the opposing 
   team's heroes, who are attempting to do the same to 
   them. A team wins by being the first to destroy a large 
   structure located in the opposing team's base, called 
   the "Ancient".)

4. The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt

   (The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a 2015 action role-playing
   video game developed and published by CD Projekt. 
   Based on The Witcher series of fantasy novels by Polish
   author Andrzej Sapkowski, it is the sequel to the 2011
   video game The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings and the 
   third installment in The Witcher video game series. 
   Played in an open world with a third-person perspective,
   players control protagonist Geralt of Rivia. Geralt,
   a monster hunter known as a Witcher, is looking for his 
   missing adopted daughter, who is on the run from the 
   Wild Hunt: an otherworldly force determined to capture 
   and use her powers. Players battle the game's many 
   dangers with weapons and magic, interact with non-player
   characters, and complete main-story and side quests to 
   acquire experience points and gold, which are used to 
   increase Geralt's abilities and purchase equipment. 
   Its central story has several endings, determined by the
   player's choices at certain points in the game.)